# For this password generator the user has control over how long they want their password to be, if they would like to include any special characters or numbers, and if they would like any lowercase letters or uppercase letters.
# The first option that is given to the user is how long they would like their password to be. A prompt box pops up once the user has clicked the "generate password" button. As long as the user enters a number between 8 & 128 their input will be accepted and the next confirm box will pop up. If the user does not enter a number between 8 & 128 or they type any characters that are not a number the user will receive an alert box telling them they must enter a number between 8 & 128 and will be returned to the main screen and they must press the "generate password" button again. This happens because of the "if" "else if" and else statements found on lines 29-47 in the javascript file. Once the user enters the expected criteria they are then prompted with several confirm boxes asking them is they would like to use any special characters, if they would like their password to include numbers, if they would like their password to include any uppercase letters, and lastly if they would like to include any lowercase letters in their password. 
# It is important to note that if the user does not select any criteria an alert box will pop up flagging that they must select at least 1 criteria to receive a generated password and the user will have to click the "generate password" button and start again. This happens because of the "if" statement on line 49 that states if none of the variables that are assigned to the confirm boxes are true an alert box will appear telling the user to select at least 1 criteria. 
# Followed by that if statement are several "else if" statements that take into account all the possible different combinations the user could choose, depending on their selected criteria the arrays at the top of the page are concatinaed with each other and set to equal the variable "userChoices".
# On line 101 the userChoices is set to be equal with an "space" which is originally an empty array, but it is being concatinated with letters2 which is a variable that is equal to the variable "letters" only the array in "letters" has been converted to uppercase because of the toUpper method.
# Next an empty array is created to allow a space for the outcome of the "for" loop
# A for loop is created next to allow for the user input to be randomized and then pushed into the empty array that was just created.
# a new variable is created and is equal to the password array that has a join method added to it to create and return a new string by concatenating all of the elements in that array 
# Finally, in the userInput function the generatedPassword array is return
# the UserInput function is then called in the "writePassword" function and can be displayed to the user.
# event listener at the very bottom is to allow the user to click the "generate password" button before any of the prompt or confirm boxes pop up and will then run the "writePassword" function.